Add migration note regarding support for standard modules (#127)
ansible-collections/community.openwrt: docs/docsite/rst/migration_guide.rst

* Multiple roles (``community.openwrt.init``, ``community.openwrt.common``)
* Handlers and plugins organized in a standard collection structure

No Support for Standard Ansible Modules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Migrated playbooks MUST only use modules in the ``community.openwrt.*`` namespace.

Because ``gekmihesg.openwrt`` `monkey patched <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch>`_ Ansible, 
many of the standard Ansible modules continued to work as normal on OpenWrt devices while not 
requiring Python to be installed on them. This collection instead uses shell scripts to create new 
modules without any Python requirement. If you are migrating playbooks that utilize standard Ansible 
modules, you should be aware that not all modules have been ported or have an equivalent replacment.

> This would include any standard module in the ``ansible.builtin.*`` collection such as ``fetch``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would include many standard modules in the ``ansible.builtin.*`` collection such as ``fetch``,
```

> ``lineinfile``, ``template``, etc. These modules will typically fail with an error such as: 

Reviewer 2: `template` module isn't supported yet. I think there should be some sort of note explaining workaround for template:

```yaml
    - name: Template workaround
      community.openwrt.copy:
        content: "{{ lookup('template', 'actual_template.j2') }}"
        dest: /etc/app/config.json
```

* Multiple roles (``community.openwrt.init``, ``community.openwrt.common``)
* Handlers and plugins organized in a standard collection structure

No Support for Standard Ansible Modules
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Migrated playbooks **MUST** use modules in the ``community.openwrt`` namespace to function correctly on devices without Python.

In the legacy ``gekmihesg.openwrt`` role, a `monkey patch <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch>`_

> intercepted tasks calling standard modules (e.g., ``lineinfile``) and redirected them to shell-script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intercepted tasks calling standard modules (for example ``lineinfile``) and redirected them to shell-script
```

Please refer to the [linguistic guidelines](https://docs.ansible.com/projects/ansible/latest/dev_guide/style_guide/index.html#linguistic-guidelines) for the documentation, as well as the guide to [preferred spelling](https://docs.ansible.com/projects/ansible/latest/dev_guide/style_guide/spelling_word_choice.html).

equivalents. This allowed execution on hosts without Python.

This collection does **not** include monkey patching. If you are migrating playbooks that utilize
standard Ansible modules (such as ``ansible.builtin.*``), you must update them to use the
equivalent ``community.openwrt.*`` implementation.

Attempting to use standard modules like ``fetch`` or ``template`` 
(see `Issue #63 <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.openwrt/issues/63>`_)
will typically fail with an error indicating missing Python:

   ``Task failed: Action failed: The module interpreter '/usr/bin/python3' was not found``

> **Workarounds**

Reviewer: Please use the header:
```suggestion
Workarounds
-----------
```
This section is OK for now, but I reckon that it will have to go away (or at least be reworded) when this specific case is included in the How-tos docs @egandro is working on. See #134 .
